{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12140\viewh12420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 In general, by reviewing the school tables one can infer the following conclusions:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Scores by School Size 
\f0\b0 \
In general, the smaller to medium size schools (less than 1000 to 2000), have better chances of getting a higher overall passing grade. \
These are the Charter schools.\
\
District school size range.  2917-4976\
Charter school size range. 427-1858\
\

\f1\b Scores by School Spending Budget
\f0\b0 \
In general, the smaller schools have a more limited budget per student than the larger size schools.\
The schools with a lower (less than $585/student budget) fared well in the overall passing grades even though the per student budget was less.\
These are the Charter schools.\
\
District $625-655.   /Student spending\
Charter $578-638.  /Student spending\
\

\f1\b Scores by School Type
\f0\b0 \
When looking at the scores by school type, one can see that the Charter schools fared well in reading, and math 93.62% and thus overall. \
Although, the District schools faired less in reading, and considerably less in passing math 66.55% The math scores highly affected the District\'92s overall passing rates. \
Overall, the Charter schools had a better pass rate in reading and math.\
\
	       % math    vs    % reading pass   \
District    66.55%           80.80%\
Charter   93.62%           96.59%\
\
Thus, the smaller size Charter schools, which may have a smaller per student budget, have the higher overall passing grades in math and reading, due largely to the math scores being a much higher pass rate than the District\'92s school math pass rate.
\f2\fs24 \
}